#501 feature flags missing from documentation (#504)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.6/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/installation-references/feature-flags.md

To learn more about feature values and how to enable them, see [Enabling Experimental Features](../../../pages-for-subheaders/enable-experimental-features.md).

:::note

Some feature flags require a restart of the Rancher container. Features that require a restart are marked in the Rancher UI.

:::

The following is a list of feature flags available in Rancher. If you've upgraded from a previous Rancher version, you may see additional flags in the Rancher UI, such as `proxy` or `dashboard` (both [discontinued](../../../../versioned_docs/version-2.5/reference-guides/installation-references/feature-flags.md)):

- `continuous-delivery`: Allows Fleet GitOps to be disabled separately from Fleet. See [Continuous Delivery.](../../../how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/enable-experimental-features/continuous-delivery.md) for more information.
- `fleet`: The Rancher provisioning framework in v2.6 and later requires Fleet. The flag will be automatically enabled when you upgrade, even if you disabled this flag in an earlier version of Rancher. See [Fleet - GitOps at Scale](../../../how-to-guides/new-user-guides/deploy-apps-across-clusters/fleet.md) for more information.

> - `harvester`: This feature flag is available starting in v2.6.1. Manages access to the Virtualization Management page, where users can navigate directly to Harvester clusters and access the Harvester UI. See [Fleet - GitOps at Scale](../../../integrations-in-rancher/harvester.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `harvester`: This feature flag is available starting in v2.6.1. Manages access to the Virtualization Management page, where users can navigate directly to Harvester clusters and access the Harvester UI. See [Harvester Integration](../../../integrations-in-rancher/harvester.md) for more information.
```
